en,zh: update handle conflicts of auto-increment primary key (#144)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/shard-merge-best-practices.md

    ) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=latin1
    ```

> 2. Add the following configuration in `task.yaml` to skip auto increment primary keys conflict checking: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following configuration in `task.yaml` to skip the check of auto-increment primary key conflict: 
```
